2,000 so much
But the thought of 5 million
Where did the $2,000 5 million come from?
Did I sign you up?
Say hello!
Yo, isn't this Shen Yuning?
Why are you being polite here?
How much is it per night?
Oh, is your brother in urgent need of money?
You can tell me. I can help you.
Don't work so hard
After all, the child just came out to work a few days ago
Almost done, shut up
What am I doing? Does it matter to you?
I just came by to say hi
You can go now.
Ouch, why are my shoes dirty?
Can you wipe it for me?
I don't know
This doesn't seem to be within my scope of service.
My dad is sensible here
If you serve well
Maybe I can ask him to add more money for you.
If I'm not satisfied
It's up to you.